#Trivial Updates to README.me files. (#641)
justeat/fozzie-components: packages/tools/generator-component/generators/app/templates/README.md

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/justeat/f-<%= name.default %>/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/justeat/f-<%= name.default %>)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/justeat/f-<%= name.default %>/badge.svg?targetFile=package.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/justeat/f-<%= name.default %>?targetFile=package.json)

---

## Usage

### Installation

Install the module using NPM or Yarn:

```sh
yarn add @justeat/f-<%= name.default %>
```

```sh
npm install @justeat/f-<%= name.default %>
```

### Vue Applications

You can import it in your Vue SFC like this (please note that styles have to be imported separately):

```js
import <%= name.component %> from '@justeat/f-<%= name.default %>';
import '@justeat/f-<%= name.default %>/dist/f-<%= name.default %>.css';

export default {
    components: {
        <%= name.component %>
    }
}
```

> If you are using Webpack, you can import the component dynamically to separate the `mega-modal` bundle from the main `bundle.client.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Webpack, you can import the component dynamically to separate the `<%= name.template%>` bundle from the main `bundle.client.js`:
```

```js
import '@justeat/f-<%= name.default %>/dist/f-<%= name.default %>.css';

export default {
    components: {
        // …
        <%= name.component %>: () => import(/* webpackChunkName: "<%= name.template%>" */ '@justeat/f-<%= name.default %>')
    }
}
```

## Configuration

### Props

There may be props that allow you to customise its functionality.

The props that can be defined are as follows (if any):

| Prop  | Type  | Default | Description |
| ----- | ----- | ------- | ----------- |

> ### CSS Classes

Reviewer: Same as above – can delete this section here.

> The modal has its own styles which are scoped to the component using CSS modules to prevent conflicts with existing styles on the page.

Reviewer: Should remove `modal` and use templated name.
